listen guys
i lost my way i'm not gonna lie to you
i was a quitter i was a loser
i was a rat fiend and a fink
and i tell you what
all the games that we've acquired over
the past year and a half
they're all gone i sold them
i sold every last one of them except for
the stuff
that you guys sent me as gifts that
stuff i just couldn't sell
that stuff had sentimental value to me i
just couldn't get rid of it
and you say well why why why did you do
that why'd you do that
uh because it got to the point where
i would wake up out of bed i'd be
stepping on games on the floor
i'd have games stacked to the ceiling in
here
uh not that i don't like that i love
that
as a matter of fact but one day i had to
sit there and i had to evaluate
and i looked around and i said you know
something jesse what do you got here
what is
what do you actually have here
and you know what it was a bag full of
shells
that's what i have bag full of shells
[Music]
foreign
you had to say to yourself well i mean
you know how many of these video games
that you have of video games that you
actually like
and to be honest with you 85
of them i haven't even played and some
other things happened in my life and i
decided to
to stop doing the channel i guess i
needed a break from it even this
stripped down show that i do
it requires a lot of time and it
requires a little bit of effort
and uh you know what i i just bailed on
it i bailed on the show and you know
what i was out of the show for like a
month and i was just disgusted with
myself
and you know what every time i looked
around and every time i saw these video
games it was another reminder about how
i failed
and and how i quit
and it just broke my heart
so during like a week's time i just did
a fire sale i just sold
everything i mean we're talking about i
took every single nintendo game that i
had
which was about was over 200
and i just boxed them up in an enormous
box i put them on ebay
99 cents and and let it ride
if you guys are out there please uh uh
ask for my uh
my friendship again and my subscriptions
because
i basically deleted a bunch of you guys
and not because i wanted to because it
was just so painful to see you guys up
there
and see you guys doing things and i was
sitting here just doing nothing just
rotten away
and uh it was it was just too hard
too hard so um
one morning i was making my breakfast it
was a saturday morning i said what am i
going to do this morning
and i said you know what you're going to
do you're going to walk out the front
door
and whatever direction your car is
facing you're going to get in your car
and you're going to drive in that
direction
until you see something that interests
you you're going to let fate guard you
whether it be a girl walking down the
block with a nice ass
or whether it be you know who knows
a store having a sale but to be honest
with you i wasn't thinking
thinking of garage sales and when you
know when i walked out my front door
there was a garage sale two houses down
from me
and i said let me go over there and
check it out
[Music]
and i was walking up and down the
driveway
and i came across this and i saw her
inside was video games
and i said to the guy i said how much
you want for this
and he said ten dollars he said ten
dollars for everything
and i told him you know i i i looked at
it and i said do we really want to start
this do we really want to start this
again
is this the direction we want to head
and i looked inside and i looked at the
guy
i said how about five dollars so as you
can see
the dramatic twist in the tail is that
he did return
to collecting video games he did return
to playing video games
and he returned to making the effort
week after week
to attract an audience to build up a
successful youtube channel
devoted to this hobby and to some extent
also
talking about his life as it unfolds
but he devoted himself once again to
this perpetual childhood
of being an adult whose life really
revolves around
video games part of what i find
interesting
in this case study is that he does show
signs of self-awareness
self-criticism and self-loathing
evidently in his life every so often
again and again
he reaches these points where he stops
and suddenly feels this can't be
what my life is about it must be that
there's something meaningful
something more important that i should
be devoting my time my effort my talent
to
there must be more to life than this
there are times
when he evidently feels burdened
by the shallowness the childishness the
meaninglessness
of this hobby that is for him much
more than just a hobby of course
but as you can see when he has turned
his back on video games
when he has tried however briefly when
he has made
however feeble an effort to pursue a
more meaningful life
he later regrets it and devotes himself
once again to this peculiar
perpetual childhood of being an adult
video game addict it looks like a
uh almost like a um a promotional game
from bubblicious i don't know uh you
know i've never seen it around before
that's not to say that it's a rare game
or anything like that
it might be very common and here we go
it's it's a new start
it's a new beginning it's a rebirth
so i got news for you i'm gonna go
i'm going to go to the garage sales and
guess what i'm not changing the formula
i'm going to haul everything i can haul
we're going to take everything we can
take
because i got news for you as much as i
was upset with
the amount of inventory we had and stuff
that i never played and just any other
thing
i miss every bit of it every single bit
of it
and so now tomorrow is saturday and
we're gonna get out there
and we're to start big time hauling
so if you guys are with me here we go
about one year ago now my youtube
channel
told a very different chapter of this
guy's story
and i think if you listen for another
minute you'll see that it is no
exaggeration to say
that video game addiction has been part
of the tragedy
of his adult life or that it has been
the primary
most important tragedy of his life
as a whole childhood development
education
and adulthood every stage and all of
them
taken together and why do i present this
to you in the audience now
because i think that each of us has to
reflect
on the extent to which video games have
been part
of our own personal tragedy certainly
at the least the squandering of our
human potential
also i used to have a very substantial
video game collection and
i moved in with a girl and we lived
together for about
three years and we fought like cats and
dogs
um what do couples fight about the
laundry the
who's doing the dishes or you know who's
taking out the garbage
me and my girlfriend got into a huge
argument uh
one day and the following day i went to
work
and when i got home i went downstairs to
my
to my lair and uh
everything was gone uh
i i freaked out i mean i know i i know
you guys
have uh video game collections and i've
i've seen them online and
and just imagine for a second you know
if you came home and all your stuff was
gone
i mean gone i mean the shelves
gone everything was gone so my
girlfriend
got home and uh i confronted her about
it
and she said she took all of it and she
chucked it in a dumpster
and when i asked her where she threw it
out she wouldn't tell me
and i um i belted her in the face
and with the kind of luck i have
i wound up breaking a jaw and went to
jail
for about a year and a half for it
and while i was in jail i uh
when i wasn't eating uh sleeping
or getting
i was in the library on a computer and i
was watching uh
some game i would watch game review uh
channels on youtube that's what i would
do
and i said man i said this is great i
said these guys
a lot of these guys have impressive
stuff and um
i said i this is something i feel i can
do this is something that i'm passionate
about
and that was my thing you know i said
when i get out i'm gonna do this i'm
gonna
i'm gonna make this happen stick with me
i'm working on my set right now i'm
building a set we're gonna have a desk
gotta get a microphone for this goddamn
camera because the
the audio is terrible on it and uh
we're gonna go cruising for video games
and we're gonna find good stuff i'm
really looking forward to this
it is no exaggeration to say that this
was his
dream this was the dream
that put him in prison this was the
dream that motivated him
while he was in prison for a year and a
half and it's the dream that has really
guided
formed and informed his life in the
years
since he got out of prison he's now
married
he's raising a child he's obviously a
skilled craftsman an
artist he has many videos showing
himself making things with his hands
that are very impressive
i think almost all of them are things
related to video games that he's making
this was his dream
but still every so often
he has this self-awareness he has this
gnawing doubt that the dream may be a
nightmare
or that the dream can't possibly be real
there must be some other life there must
be
some more meaningful life for him on
this earth
it's a dream that still sometimes
he feels he must rebel against